Hello everyone and welcome back to the solutions lecture for the TMI level 2 assessment.
Let's get started by jumping straight to the editor.
All right so here I have the editor and the course Sign-Up page opened.
I am just going to start straight from scratch.
But remember this is what we're trying to recreate here.
H t m l.
So the first thing I want to do is just call him I'll give this some sort of title we'll just say Course
Sign-Up and then let's start off with the body.
So here we can see there's some sort of heading one and we will say of course sign Sign-Up page to match
that.
And then we have what appears to be a paragraph to it then heading to reading three That's fine and
we'll say please no
we'll say all text fields required just to save us some time and then we start with the real business
which is the form.
So I'll call the form right now and we will remove class action in a post.
There was a bonus on the action which we'll cover in just a little bit towards the end.
Let's start off with the basic form.
First thing you wanted to do is the inputs.
So we have a first name and put in a last name and put Let's grab those inputs the first name is just
a text input.
It has no value but it does have a placeholder so let's put that in here or put it placeholder in that
says first name and then let's just label this.
We'll give it a label.
And we'll say it's for F am.
Her first name and we'll give the input an ID of FM and then let's come back up here and give it the
label first name Colin.
All right.
Now we're going to do a very similar thing for the last name so let's do that as well.
Let's copy this and paste it.
Let's make this last name let's come up here and change this to Elham for last name.
It looks like I actually wrote them and sort of.
And so let's change those on both of these l n and F and first name last name and then the placeholder
here sort of first name is going to say last name.
All right so so far we have an extra t there.
So far we have the first two inputs for the first name and the last name.
Let's save this and make sure we're connected.
Make sure things are working correctly.
I will repeat that.
Enter Elix are good to go here of course sign a page of text textfield are required first name and last
names to remember is that they're all required.
Which means I need to add one more parameter here in my input which is just the required keyword and
I need to do the same thing here required.
You can see that Adam is already ready to help me out.
Now you just need to.
You could say it equals two.
True but that's all I really need here.
OK.
Then up next we want the email that we had earlier.
So again I will say input this time I'll say e-mail and I will give the placeholder.
Now let's just say the placeholder is user at gmail dot com or something like that.
Can't remember quite what it was but we'll put a label here and we'll say this label is for the let's
say email Rowse call it male so we don't confuse it with the type and give it an ID of male and then
for the label we will say email and then finally we also want a password.
So again I will make a label here will say it's for pass call password there.
And then create the input for it input and you notice it's because a lot faster when using Adam's really
helpful auto complete.
So we will say password and no placeholder there.
Let's save this and see what it looks like.
So far we're probably going to change something that we have a bit of a basically no gap between first
name last name email and password.
So one quick fix we can do that since we don't know styling it is to just in-between first name and
last name add some paragraph tags to insert another block there and we can just keep them blanks and
I want to refresh this.
We get a little empty block there later on when we learn about CSSA.
We're going to learn how we can actually call styling for buffers and margins et cetera.
Right now we can just use this little cheat.
OK.
So you have all the text fields and let's make sure we have them all required.
So we still need to add those to the last two we just created.
So it required and then down here we also want to add in required and you don't need to say equals in
our case we can just say required there.
Then up next we want to get if some radio buttons ask for over the age of 18 yes or no has put a paragraph
in here saying Are you over 18.
Question mark will need two inputs and they're both going to be radio is going to be input.
Call it radio.
And remember if you want to be linked to share the same name so we'll call them both over asking if
they're over 18 and let's give them a label.
So say label for Y is yes and then give the first one an ID of Y and then so we can recognize it later.
Let's give it a value of yes and let's give this one a value of no and give it a label.
And the reason for that is later on whenever they select I can reference the value there.
So we'll put in a label here for an ID equal to an.
And then here it's going to be no.
So let's say that make sure everything's working correctly for us.
Or your routine let's make sure they're linked together and looks like that's working just fine.
All right.
Can even expand this a little bit.
And Dallas check out the last thing we needed to do which was a drop them.
You have a credit card or PayPal.
So let's just say you have a card or Paypal question mark or remember the dropdown doesn't use an input
tag.
Instead it uses a selects tag.
So we have selects we can give it a class but we don't worry about that and also give it a name which
is give it a simple name we'll say payments and then finally inside of this we have the option tags
so option one will say this is the value of CC and we'll give it the actual name on each T.M. credit
card or excuse me not really a name but what it's actually going to display.
And then the next option value here will say Peepy for Paypal and then PayPal there.
So let's save that.
Make sure it's working when I refresh this.
Do you have a credit card or PayPal.
Here we can select them perfect.
And when I actually click Submit I'll get back evaluate either CC or Peepy for payment x.
Finally let's use that paragraph trick again and put the submit button.
So put submit and the value will give it is
and let's save this now let's confirm that it all worked or fresh This will put in a first name and
the last name.
But in some e-mail it's just made up and that's a password over 18 credit card to sign up.
Which should just basically refresh the page.
And if we look over here on the your elf expand this I see the options that I wanted.
Perfect.
So what we can do now is to expand on this.
You could add values so you could give password a value an email a value if you wanted to show up here
that you are after clicking submit but that doesn't help us too much right now because they don't know
how to use stuff on the back end to actually grab those values.
So we'll leave it there for now.
What I want to address is the actual bonus question which was how can you make this Sign-Up link to
another page or another HMO file.
And remember we can do that through inaction.
So I will call action here.
And what I will do is I will creates by bring back might the rectory with control or command backslash
or create a new file here.
Now I will say thank you not HMO and here it's just going to be an HTML file.
With one headings saying thank you.
We all say that.
And then the action is going to take us to that.
Thank you.
Timo and the message will be get save that.
So looks really similar to what we should earlier when we actually lead to the Facebook page.
Then instead now the action is linked to a local aged him and make sure it's in the same directory that
we don't have the pass and the whole file path you just pass.
Thank you ladies T.M..
So I will save that refreshed this Allen and make sure I refresh that correctly.
Enter.
OK.
Course sign up page.
Let's zoom out a little bit.
So it's still OK.
I'll put it the same information as last time Protea some made up e-mail address made up password over
18 credit card Sign-Up and it takes us to think Page hopefully you're able to figure out that bonus
as well.
But what I really want you to see is now we're actually ready to almost level up to understanding how
we can link pages together and that's going to be a really big part of creating that web application.
How pages linked to each other and how your whole web application is designed to interact with itself.
All right.
So let's just quickly review everything we just did by grabbing this guy and expanding it.
So we had to do is created that heading one just a paragraph.
We had the form and if you did the bonus you wanted to select action and method to some other HVM l
page you had or if you wanted to just another web site.
Remember for the Web site need a passen HTP cetera.
Otherwise I'll start looking in the local namespace.
Which means on your computer then we want to use labels we have the input for these tax number we had
to make sure they were all required.
We had the first name last name had the placeholders mixture that required this little trick or the
paragraph.
Don't worry if you didn't get that yet you don't need it.
Later on we actually learned about C Ss So if you were having difficult do that.
Don't sweat it.
It's kind of a trick then coming up next we had to have this e-mail label password.
Again it was required.
Are you over 18.
The trick here is when you're dealing with radio buttons and you want them to be linked together make
sure they have the same name.
In this case it was over and over and assigning values to the text fields wasn't really necessary for
our use case but obviously you will have to assign values to them.
Where are we dealing a full web application.
So keep that in mind.
Then finally we have this dropdown menu of Carter Pay-Pal and that's the select tag with the option
tag and then we had the submit button.
OK.
Hope you enjoyed that assessment exercise.
And you basically know enough HTL now to continue on with the rest of the course.
Thanks everyone and I will see you at the next section.